pardon me sir but what are you looking
at
is that by any chance the picture called
the Pink Panther who's in it
oh it's David Niven
and Peter Sellers how is he in the
picture
Rosalynn the aisle I we must find that
woman who else Capra seen ah exquisite
hmm
people with my darling or just with
another job darling are you look I think
I look something in might applied I know
I mean the left no no this way I don't
come in the light darling but it hurts
I see Robert Wagner's in it too
and what is your impression of that new
Italian star Claudia Cardinale
well are you what what they call you the
Virgin Queen I'm not the Queen
it's Annie - ants I was six when I went
on my first Safari Rose re wild animal
hunt for sir what are you looking at now
are those the bedroom scenes aha they
aren't they come on don't be so selfish
miss hiding it is your CH oh that's more
like you know there should be ashamed
I'm planning on it
I should anybody want me to go to brew
Nico oh god I'm so sorry oh thank you
kiss your coat so I've managed me kiss
your weight all right I understand that
the picture features the music of Henry
Mancini and introduces Fran Jeffries
man yo stop Sarah hey domani oh my no
well yes sir
can you give me some idea of what takes
place in the picture
me
I did you filthy hands with my ass
most unfortunate mr. I'm sorry I'm
afraid I didn't get the name
you